How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Using diff made it clear which lines were different between the two versions so you 
    can just focus on those specific lines. And only looking at a few lines instead of
    all make it easier to find the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having history of a file will help you find difference between each version so you're
    not left having to sift through hundreds of lines

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros for Git is means you can decide when you've made significant amount of changes
    or have added something that you think will work, but might not and so having that
    version and decision is nice, but the con is you might also forget to manually create
    them and then it's too late.

    Pros of google doc is you don't have to think about it, but the con would be sometimes 
    it doesnt do it enough and too many changes have been made between the two versions.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Multiiple files in one commit will make it easier to see what changes affect
    multiple files that interact with each other. Google Docs are treated seperately
    since most docs don't affect others.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows various commits, where as git diff specifically shows the difference
    between two files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Always create a version when it's working, then you can make changes to test something and if
    it ends up breaking something then at lease you have the most recent working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Idk.

