What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?
    It create meta data that begins to track that it is a repository with .git file
    We need it so that moving forward we can commit and save different versions.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?
    Staging is different from working in that it's an inbetween state to the git repo. 
    The staging area lets you decide what you want to officially commit before creating
    the commit. 
    It's valuable in that you can design and decide what goes into a commit before doing
    the commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
    Staging area and diff --staged lets you double check what is different between what you plan 
    to commit and what is alreay in a commit. That way you check what you will commit is what
    you actually want to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
    It helps when you're trying out an experimental feature and still saving a working version. 
    Using a branch to create an easier version of a game would be helpful and so you have a regular (master) branch
    and an easy one. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
    Diagrams help you see the parent of a commit. Branches are given names and so you can trace back previous commits.
    It's possible to lose a node if a change is made after the master branch has been updated, in this case you need to create 
    a new branch to keep that commit/node traceable. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
    The result is finding the changes that were made from the original commit before they branched off and combining them back into
    one branch. This is useful for added new features or experimental branches to the master, the branch merged into the master can 
    then be deleted because the master branch now has the commits of both the previous state of the master and the branch that
    got merged. IN the diagram all commits can be reached if done correctly even after 'deleting' the merged branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
    there can be conflicts in Git's automatic, but generally it will save time vs a manual merge.